here's three ways to ensure healthy
joints the first way is to literally
just move them around I know it sounds
super simple but your joints literally
don't get nutrients for healing without
some kind of movement number two
increase your range of motion you
obviously don't need to get to your
split with the greater your range of
motion the better your joints can
deliver synovial fluid which is exactly
what your joints need to heal and three
strengthen all of the surrounding
muscles a weak joint is a painful joint
and nobody wants that but if you need a
little more for your crackly hinges I
designed a joint health supplement that
doesn't look like this it looks like
this and tastes like this in stock now
at stayflexidate
stay flexing